# packages in environment at /home/jsf149/miniconda3/envs/hisat2_env:
#
# Name                    Version                   Build  Channel
_libgcc_mutex             0.1                 conda_forge    conda-forge
_openmp_mutex             4.5                       2_gnu    conda-forge
bzip2                     1.0.8                h7f98852_4    conda-forge
c-ares                    1.18.1               h7f98852_0    conda-forge
ca-certificates           2022.6.15            ha878542_0    conda-forge
hisat2                    2.2.1                h87f3376_4    bioconda
htslib                    1.15.1               h9753748_0    bioconda
keyutils                  1.6.1                h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
krb5                      1.19.3               h3790be6_0    conda-forge
ld_impl_linux-64          2.36.1               hea4e1c9_2    conda-forge
libcurl                   7.83.1               h7bff187_0    conda-forge
libdeflate                1.10                 h7f98852_0    conda-forge
libedit                   3.1.20191231         he28a2e2_2    conda-forge
libev                     4.33                 h516909a_1    conda-forge
libffi                    3.4.2                h7f98852_5    conda-forge
libgcc-ng                 12.1.0              h8d9b700_16    conda-forge
libgomp                   12.1.0              h8d9b700_16    conda-forge
libnghttp2                1.47.0               hdcd2b5c_1    conda-forge
libnsl                    2.0.0                h7f98852_0    conda-forge
libsqlite                 3.39.2               h753d276_1    conda-forge
libssh2                   1.10.0               haa6b8db_3    conda-forge
libstdcxx-ng              12.1.0              ha89aaad_16    conda-forge
libuuid                   2.32.1            h7f98852_1000    conda-forge
libzlib                   1.2.12               h166bdaf_2    conda-forge
ncurses                   6.3                  h27087fc_1    conda-forge
openssl                   1.1.1q               h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
perl                      5.32.1          2_h7f98852_perl5    conda-forge
pip                       22.2.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python                    3.10.6          h582c2e5_0_cpython    conda-forge
python_abi                3.10                    2_cp310    conda-forge
readline                  8.1.2                h0f457ee_0    conda-forge
samtools                  1.15.1               h1170115_0    bioconda
setuptools                65.2.0          py310hff52083_0    conda-forge
tk                        8.6.12               h27826a3_0    conda-forge
tzdata                    2022c                h191b570_0    conda-forge
wheel                     0.37.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
xz                        5.2.6                h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
zlib                      1.2.12               h166bdaf_2    conda-forge
