# packages in environment at /data/john/software/miniconda3/envs/kallisto_env:
#
# Name                    Version                   Build  Channel
_libgcc_mutex             0.1                 conda_forge    conda-forge
_openmp_mutex             4.5                       2_gnu    conda-forge
c-ares                    1.18.1               h7f98852_0    conda-forge
ca-certificates           2022.9.24            ha878542_0    conda-forge
hdf5                      1.12.1          nompi_h4df4325_104    conda-forge
kallisto                  0.48.0               h15996b6_2    bioconda
keyutils                  1.6.1                h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
krb5                      1.19.3               h08a2579_0    conda-forge
libcurl                   7.85.0               h2283fc2_0    conda-forge
libedit                   3.1.20191231         he28a2e2_2    conda-forge
libev                     4.33                 h516909a_1    conda-forge
libgcc-ng                 12.2.0              h65d4601_18    conda-forge
libgfortran-ng            12.2.0              h69a702a_18    conda-forge
libgfortran5              12.2.0              h337968e_18    conda-forge
libgomp                   12.2.0              h65d4601_18    conda-forge
libnghttp2                1.47.0               hff17c54_1    conda-forge
libssh2                   1.10.0               hf14f497_3    conda-forge
libstdcxx-ng              12.2.0              h46fd767_18    conda-forge
libzlib                   1.2.13               h166bdaf_4    conda-forge
ncurses                   6.3                  h27087fc_1    conda-forge
openssl                   3.0.5                h166bdaf_2    conda-forge
zlib                      1.2.13               h166bdaf_4    conda-forge
